# References given

## Valentina Casola

Prof. Casola has been my professor and thesis advisor for my master's thesis.
Thanks to her I was able to commence my internship at Montimage. She is very
determined in pursuing her goals and willing to put herself in discussion in
order to understand what are her mistakes. I remained astonished by her ability
to manage different things concurrently, from projects to lectures, from
students to professors. She is very meticulous, she does not leave anything to
the chance and works really hard to pursue that aim. She is very inspiring. It
has been a pleasure to collaborate with her.

## Wissam Mallouli

Wissam has been my manager during the internship at Montimage. He is an
incredible manager. I remained astonished by his ability to manage several
projects at the same time with great attention and preciseness. At the same
time, he pushes his colleagues to go over their boundaries, do better every day.
He doesn’t see problems, but only alternative paths to reach a solution. He is
very inspiring. It has been an honor working for him.

## Diego Rivera

Diego has been my mentor during my internship at Montimage. He taught me a lot,
both professionally and personally. He is a very talented guy, very curious
about always concerns the world of computer science, in particular, the Linux
Kernel. He is always willing to share his knowledge and always giving tips. I
worked with him once he was WP4 leader of ANASTACIA project, which he managed
very precisely. Thanks to him, I learned how to organise deliverable writing and
to make presentations.

## Alessandra De Benedictis

Alessandra has been my advisor for my master's thesis. I admired her ability to
inspect each detail in the dissertation, from the grammar to the figures
themselves. Once she realises there is something to change, she is always ready
to suggest solutions, even very practical. Although she did not know exactly
each detail of my project, she asked me the right questions which let her
understand better the topic. She is the kind of person one can go for
suggestions like I did when I was her student, she would be always keen to help.

## Simon Pietro Romano

Prof. Romano has been a great mentor. He cares a lot about his students, always
willing to give them suggestions regarding both the academic and the
professional fields. I remained astonished by his ability to motivate students
to push hard and pursue their objectives. I admit he has been a source of great
inspiration.

## Mario Barbareschi

Mario has been my lecturer during various courses throughout my master's
studies. Conversing with him was always illuminating given his vast knowledge of
security and embedded systems. He is one of the most curious persons I have
never met and I always enjoyed his anecdotes regarding hardware vulnerabilities.
He is very passionate about his job and is always willing to help students,
supporting them whenever he could.

## Andrea Scognamiglio

Andrea and I collaborated for several projects during the university. He was the
one in the team who always asked the right questions, indicating his broader
vision. I also remember his preciseness, he does not leave anything to the
chance and works really hard to pursue that aim. However, he is also flexible
enough to complete the work within the established time. He is always open to
discussion and a good team player. I must say it has been a pleasure working
with him.

## Stefano Sorrentino

Stefano and I collaborated for several projects during the university. He is a
very smart and talented person. Stefano was the one who always understood things
quicker than anyone else in the team. I admired his ability to not discourage in
front of the difficulties and reach a solution respecting the deadlines.

## Cristian Tommasino

Cristian and I collaborated for several projects during the university. Once he
has been assigned a task, he is very determined in completing it within the
established time. Christian is the person who does not stop in doing the simple
task, he constantly aims to improve and explore new solutions to a particular
problem. He is very kind and a great team member. It has been a pleasure working
with him.

## Roberto Riccio

I met Roberto when he was working in London. For Roberto, cooking is not just a
job but something more important, that is why he puts a lot of passion in each
dish he prepares. I remained astonished by his ability to invent a great plate
with ingredients I have given him just a couple of minutes earlier. He is always
willing to share his knowledge with others, comprising people who are not expert
in the sector. He is very inspiring. I would warmly recommend him.

## Ashvtosh Goel

Ashvtosh has been my first line manager at Airspan when I was under the
Application team. I must recognise in him a great capacity of being always aware
of the work everyone is doing. Regardless what he is doing, he is always keen to
answer to each question he is been asked. He is always keen to explain what he
needs, even if it requires more than one explanation. He is always able to
simplify what he is explaining, using simpler and clearer words. It has been a
pleasure and an honour to work for him.

## Dave Bell

Dave’s support has been incredibly vital for me during these first months here
in Airspan, therefore I think he might deserve a mention. He showed great
patience explaining me every doubt or question, even more than once, and he
never got upset every time I was going to ask him something. Even if he didn’t
know the answer, he was always keen to find it, and he was not happy until I got
my doubts solved. If we would need to thank someone for having saved Ashvtosh’s
time from trivial questions, that is surely Dave.

## Natalia Grajek

I collaborated with Natalia during one of my recruiting processes. Despite her
young career, she was capable of managing quite challenging tasks with extensive
professionalism and attitude. I particularly found truly useful the coaching
sessions she organised in preparation for the interview with the company. She
was able to grasp and examine the deepest psychological aspects and suggest
solutions to get the best out of the candidate. By conveying the right awareness
and self-confidence, her role has been vital for the successful outcome of the
interview.
