# Publication: IoT

## Title

A security monitoring system for Internet of Things

## Publication/Publisher

Internet of Things: Engineering Cyber Physical Human Systems

## Publication date

02 Jul 2019

## Authors

Valentina Casola, Alessandra De Benedictis, Diego Rivera, Wissam Mallouli, Edgardo Montes de Oca

## Publication URL

<https://www.researchgate.net/publication/334175322_A_security_monitoring_system_for_Internet_of_Things>

## Description

Over the past decade, commercial interest in transportation services to the Moon has increased significantly. Both governmental space agencies and commercial companies are investing in establishing a long-term human presence on and around the Moon, for both exploratory and commercial purposes, leading to a growing need for a reusable transportation system. This work suggests a commercially viable cis-lunar transportation system, specifically targeting cargo missions with a payload of up to 8 tons. The proposed transportation system is based on a refuelable space tug using a chemical-electric propulsion system. The solution, named Moon On-Orbit Nexus Providing Orbital Rendezvous and Transportation (MOONPORT), has been developed from an engineering, financial, and legal standpoint, and is supported by both mature technologies and modern market analysis. This transportation system will assist in cis-lunar activities by providing a low-cost alternative to a heavy launch vehicle or other tug solutions. Additionally, MOONPORT aims to provide a solid foundation for NewSpace startups aiming to fill the niche of cis-lunar transportation.

Keywords: cis-lunar, chemical-electric propulsion, in-space refuelling, space tug, space transportation solution.

## External Resources

### Internet of Things Journal

<https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/internet-of-things>
